You can decide to be rich and with God's help,
it's highly doable, but you first have to think it.
The difference between successful people and non successful people is
here.
I'm no better than none of y'all.
I'm not a better person than you.
I'm not a better Christian than you.
God don't love me more than you, none of that.
If you wanna be successful,
you have to change this.
This has to change.
What makes it hard is your lack of belief that it can happen for you.
The fact of it is, though,
it's very doable.
So if you're at a place in your life and you ain't happy with it,
you have to change some things.
But you have to make a conscious decision that you're going to change.
And it's not dependent on anybody else.
You have to live your life with the expectation
that great things are coming your way.
And that's how it works. A man is as he thinketh.
God created us in his image.
Now, you can't go make earth and heaven like he did,
but you can make a better world for yourself.